Init Azure.ResourceManager.HybridConnectivity (#27556)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/hybridconnectivity/Azure.ResourceManager.HybridConnectivity/README.md

> # Azure hybridconnectivity Management client library for .NET

Reviewer: This should be `HybridConnectivity`.

> # Azure HybridConnectivity Management client library for .NET

Reviewer 2: Should we separate the word HybridConnectivity?
```suggestion
# Azure Hybrid Connectivity Management client library for .NET
```

This package follows the [new Azure SDK guidelines](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/general_introduction.html) which provide a number of core capabilities that are shared amongst all Azure SDKs, including the intuitive Azure Identity library, an HTTP Pipeline with custom policies, error-handling, distributed tracing, and much more.

## Getting started 

### Install the package

> Install the Azure hybridconnectivity management library for .NET with [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/):

Reviewer: Same as above.

> Install the Azure HybridConnectivity management library for .NET with [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install the Azure Hybrid Connectivity management library for .NET with [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/):
```
